fury/stream/README.md, before:


## TODO
- [x] Create a buffer manager object
  - For using DRY principle when multiple encondings became availbale
- [] Widget object compatibility with python versions lower than 3.8
  - memory socket communication  
- [x] MJPEG econding
- [x] Allows the user to set the encoding inside the widget object
- [ ] Fix memory release issues with the shared_manager in python >=3.8 inside the Widget object
- [x] Create a tutorial about shared_memory and widget object
- [ ] update the examples with multiprocessing to be compatible with MacOs
  - setting multiprocessing.set_start_method('spawn')
- [ ] Implement all the interactions: double-click, touch etc
- [ ]  Widget object: OFF-ScreenRendering should be optional 
- [ ] MJPEG and H264 enconding:  allows to decreasse the image resolution of  streaming
- [ ] Widget object: test the if the drawn port is avilable
- [ ] Fix cleanup on stream client
  - line 201
   ```
   self.showm.iren.RemoveObserver(self._id_observer)
   AttributeError: 'ShowManager' object has no attribute 'iren
   ```

Commit message:

refactor: until now, there is no reason for this behavior
Before this commit was possible to create a FuryStreamClient/Interaction whithout
creating a new raw_array. In addition, there is no good reason to have
a function which can be used to create a server which deals only with the user interactions

fury/stream/README.md, after:


## TODO
- [x] Create a buffer manager object
  - For using DRY principle when multiple encondings became availbale
- [] Widget object compatibility with python versions lower than 3.8
  - memory socket communication  
- [x] MJPEG econding
- [x] Allows the user to set the encoding inside the widget object
- [x] Fix memory release issues with the shared_manager in python >=3.8 inside the Widget object
- [x] Create a tutorial about shared_memory and widget object
- [x] update the examples with multiprocessing to be compatible with MacOs
  - setting multiprocessing.set_start_method('spawn')
- [ ] Implement all the interactions: double-click, touch etc
- [x] Remove useless behavior
  - [x] FuryStreamClient/Interaction reading shared memory blocks
  - [x] Separated interaction server
  - [x] Pass circularqueue objects instead of buffer or buffer_names
- [ ]  Widget object: OFF-ScreenRendering should be optional 
- [ ] MJPEG and H264 enconding:  allows to decreasse the image resolution of  streaming
- [x] Widget object: test the if the drawn port is avilable
- [ ] Fix MJPEG  on ngrok
- [ ] Fix cleanup on stream client
